add metrics tracking the V8 heap usage (#5781)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_geal_v8_heap_statistics.md

> ### add metrics tracking the V8 heap usage ([PR #5781](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5781))
> 
> We add new gauge metrics tracking V8 memory usage:
> - `apollo.router.v8.heap.used`: heap memory used by V8, in bytes
> - `apollo.router.v8.heap.total`: total heap allocated by V8, in bytes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add V8 heap usage metrics ([PR #5781](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5781))

The router supports new gauge metrics for tracking heap memory usage of the V8 Javascript engine:
- `apollo.router.v8.heap.used`: heap memory used by V8, in bytes
- `apollo.router.v8.heap.total`: total heap allocated by V8, in bytes
```
